Are you okay? Were you hurt?
How can I become like you?
What's your name, young lady?
It's Megumin!
The girl was lit by the red
light of the explosion's flames.
The heat and light it gave off
burnt an impression into her soul.
This is the story of the girl known to
some as a mage of exceptional quality,
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
but more commonly known as a
deranged user of explosion magic.
It's the tale of her departure
from her hometown,
and her journey to meet her true companions.
Episode 1: The Crimson-Eyed Wizards
Megumin? Is that a nickname?
It's my real name.
Oh... okay.
Who freed me from that seal, I wonder?
Wait, is that—
Your magic blew away a few pieces
of this puzzle I had finally finished.
Would you help me find them?
Your... puzzle?
Tell me, young lady,
didn't the grown-ups from your village
warn you about coming near here?
My mom always says any
place that's off-limits
is usually being used to hide treasure.
So I come here every day.
Do you, now?
It seems I owe you my thanks, young lady.
Tell me, do you have a wish?
A wish?
Don't be shy. Anything you want.
I might not seem like much, but I'm
a great mage of incredible power.
World domination!
S-Sorry, that's a bit much.
What have I gotten myself into?
Is this girl a bigger deal than I thought?
Um, is there anything else you want?
In that case, please give me massive boobs.
That's also a no-go, I think.
Besides, how old are you now?
You don't look old enough to
worry about that sort of thing.
Then... I wanna be the Devil King!
I-I am so sorry! Let me rephrase what I said!
Compared to a big shot like you, I'm a
mage with only semi-moderate power!
I think I could only grant
a moderate wish of yours!
Well, I'm missing three pieces of this thing,
so could you just help me find those?
Okay, hang on.
I can manage something
slightly bigger than that!
Besides, there has to be something else,
a bigger dream of yours.
A big dream?
Yeah.
I want you to teach me
the magic you just used!
That's...
You have to! Please!
I... can't really recommend
learning that magic.
Fine, then. Just help me catch some crawfish.
You've got it wrong!
Please don't give me that pitying
look for pitiful people!
I'm just trying to say, that spell
has a lot of negatives to it!
What kind of magic is it?
Well...
It's called explosion magic, and it's
the most powerful kind there is.
The most powerful?!
Most powerful!
You rock, Sis!
Look at all these! I think we
should have grilled crawfish.
Let's pick some edible
plants while we're at it.
Yeah!
Crawfish for dinner tomorrow!
I see, I see.
Crawfish for the day after! And cicadas!
Crawfish for dinner tomorrow!
Crawfish for the day after!
They're quite good.
U-Um... I wasn't really...
Bye.
Was that charity?
She had a hungry look in her eyes.
That's my sister! So generous!
Huh?
There's someone there!
Hey, Megumin! I was worried
since no one was home!
You're back!
Yay! It's Dad!
Hey, it's Kome—
Oh, that's quite a catch!
I gotcha! I gotcha!
Oh, no! Not tickles! Make it stop!
Mom.
But tonight...
We're having sukiyaki!
Real meat! How many months has it been?!
And today is special,
because everyone gets two pieces!
Did you say two?!
Your dad gets three! Doesn't he?
He does not!
Sis, what's sukiyaki?
It's fancy food that you only get
to eat on special occasions.
You eat them with raw egg.
Egg? Like from a chicken!?
To think a day would come
when I'd get to have my
darling daughters around the
table for a hot sukiyaki meal.
I made the right choice in dedicating
myself to my craftsmanship.
Has work been going that well lately?
Sure has!
I met this wonderful person who actually
understands the quality of my goods.
Hey, I worked hard, as well.
You sure did! Your sales pitch worked wonders.
I've gotta say, our customer
got herself quite a deal.
This is a little hard to swallow...
What?!
Who, exactly, was this customer?
Honey. Could you get some tea?
Honey... some tea?
Oh, dear, of course not!
How could we possibly have any tea
when we haven't sold a damn thing?
You can worry about luxuries
after business picks up.
Oh!
Well, I'm surprised to see
these sorts of things here.
Are you a traveler? Please, take your time.
Mm, to think that humans were
capable of this sort of craft!
Here, let me see that one.
Oh, this is wonderful!
Our first customer of the day.
Get out of here.
That's one of my finest pieces,
one I put a lot of work into.
I won't sell it to anyone who doesn't
really appreciate its value.
Oh, there you go, saying that kind of
thing for literally no reason again.
You really want to tell our hungry children
that you didn't sell anything? Again?
No, it's clear this wouldn't usually
be sold in a market like this.
I can tell that you're a magic
tool craftsman of fine skill.
You know what you're talking about, miss!
This makes the trip all
the way out here worth it!
Indeed, the magic power contained
in this piece is massive!
A real masterpiece, not like the trash
that amounts to being a good luck charm!
I-Is that right?
It has the ability to attract
the person you're seeking!
I've actually been searching for
someone dear to me for a long time.
It sounds like a perfect
match for my journey.
Well, with this, we Crimson Demon craftsmen
guarantee that your journey
will be a successful one!
It'll be ten thousand eris!
A guarantee? A pact, in other words?
Huh? Sure, of course!
Interesting. I'll take it!
Thanks for your purchase!
She was a real sweetheart with
an uncommon eye for quality!
Probably a famous adventurer!
Well, it sounds like you did a good deed.
I bet she's pleased with her purchase.
And thanks to her, we get to eat real meat.
And now I can afford a new
uniform for my daughter.
I feel genuine paternal pride!
That's right, Megumin.
Really and truly? After you said I'd
be stuck with your hand-me-downs?
Well, you didn't seem happy about that.
I mean, considering you customized it
to match the trends of your era...
Hey, now! Your mother made that look work!
It was totally tubular!
People were wondering,
"Is this chick the last boss?"
Come on, that was a long time ago.
This "tubular" talk is exactly
why I was against the idea.
Totally tubular!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Truly, when wearing the
uniform of our magic academy,
it's only fitting that you wear
your own set, in your own style!
You're awesome, Sis!
How adorable!
My little girl has grown up so much!
She's only just enrolled, dear.
Honey, put on the fancy tea!
We have boiled water. How about that?
Mom, Dad, I intend to learn at
the academy in order to become...
a great master of explosion magic!
Congratulations on your enrollment, everyone.
And welcome to the temple
of Crimson Demon learning,
and the greatest magic academy in the world!
The Red Prison!
May your journey down the paths of sorcery
and magic be bathed in the crimson light!
I will now recite from the pulse-pounding
scripture of the second book,
Not good. If the headmaster starts in on
the sagas, we're gonna be here all night.
so that our new students
may have the opportunity to thoroughly
absorb, in great detail, the—
Uh, this hereby concludes this
year's matriculation ceremony!
Hey! It was just about to get good!
At least let me get to the
third book of the saga!
You didn't mind last year!
Well, everyone, good luck with
your lessons starting tomorrow.
The Red Prison. This is where the
first page of my story is written.
And here are my contemporaries, who will
soon be reduced to mere stepping stones.
It's finally over. The headmaster
never knows when to stop.
A class of eleven, huh?
Well, it's not a big village.
The chosen eleven. Eleven is a sorcerous number.
Oh, nice! Sounds cool.
You coming, Megumin?
There's a party at Nerimaki's house.
Her family runs the pub.
I'm not here to make friends.
Impressive. Putting on the lone wolf act
already at the enrollment ceremony.
She gets it.
E-Excuse me...
Can I help you?
Uh... who were you again?
We live in the same village!
You don't know my name?
You just... don't make much of an impression.
Really? Nothing at all?
Honestly, no.
Let's see, if I remember right...
Isn't she the chief's daughter?
M-My name is Yunyun!
Oh, right, right!
I had no idea you were
in the same year as us.
You kind of blend into the background.
So, what do you want, Yunyun?
I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Oh, well...
I've been looking forward
to meeting you, is all!
Really? When we barely know each other?
Are you stalking me?
Wait, no... I didn't mean it like that!
Well, it's a creepy notion,
so please don't follow me around.
Wait... I...
I enrolled here to defeat you!
Declaring yourself her rival so early on.
An exciting turn of events, for sure.
W-Wait, no, I mean...
And thus, my school days began.
Life in the Red Prison was beyond harsh.
Crimson Demons are only considered
adults after learning advanced magic,
but that's not the kind of
magic I'm interested in.
I want what I saw on that day. That...
Well, it's been a month since
you all started attending class.
Today I'm going to lecture you
on special classes of magic.
In addition to advanced magic,
there's also blasting magic,
bursting magic, and bombing magic.
Teacher! Something crucial isn't in the text.
Say what?
There's nothing about explosion magic.
Explosion?
Is she serious?
Whatever you do,
don't pursue explosion magic.
Why not?
Explosion magic is...
something that repays
an entire life's pursuit of it
with no practical applications.
It's basically joke magic!
Come on, Megumin, quit trying to crack us up!
You have comedic talent,
as well. Very impressive.
Come on, it's not that funny, people!
Okay, it's time for combat training,
formerly known as gym class!
Yes! I've been looking forward to this!
Now, what is the most important thing
when a Crimson Demon engages in combat?
Let's hear from our
second-ranked tester, Yunyun!
Uh, m-me?
U-Um, in combat, it's important to...
r-remain calm!
You have to remain calm
and never lose your composure!
Five points.
Only five?!
Next up, number one, Megumin!
Destructive power!
The strength to obliterate everything!
I believe that power is
the most important of all!
Eh, fifty points for that.
True, power is valuable.
But you're wrong! It's only worth fifty points!
I-I only scored fifty points?
That's still ten times what I got.
Arue! I'm sure you know the answer.
Looking cool, sir.
Oh, yeah! The full hundred points!
Yes, it's looking cool!
Crimson Demon combat doesn't
begin unless it begins in style!
Allow me to demonstrate
exactly what that means.
Call of Thunderstorm!
My name is Pucchin!
Arch wizard and master of advanced magic!
The foremost homeroom teacher
among the Crimson Demons,
and he who shall usurp
the headmaster's throne!
S-So cool!
So that's what he summoned those clouds for.
Makes sense.
I-It's so embarrassing!
What are you talking about?
That's our whole deal!
We are Crimson Demons.
Ow, hot!
Okay, I want you to split up into pairs.
Focus on coming up with a
cool way to declare yourself,
and experiment with great posing!
Okay.
P-Pairs?
Okay, whoever's left will
be paired up with me.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Enemy sighted!
Based on my personnel statistics study,
there's a high likelihood of you becoming
a very powerful mage in the future.
Which is why I should assert my
dominance over you right now!
I have no idea what you're on about,
but I can tell you're motivated!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Explosion!
My name is Funifura!
I just enrolled and am studying magic!
A-And y'know...
My name is Dodonko!
Uh... and then... what comes next?
My name is Nerimaki!
The daughter of a thriving local pub owner!
Service with a smile,
but we only accept cash!
Wait. That doesn't sound right.
It's hard to come up with
something on the spot, yeah.
Explosion!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
My name is Arue.
She who will master advanced magic
and wield an authorial pen!
The foremost in personal development
in the new class of students!
Damn your developments!
They're massive!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Seems only Arue knows what she's doing.
Go on, give it a try, Yunyun.
O-Okay.
Um...
I... I'm the chief's daughter, and, um...
Come now! How are you going to
do this if you're embarrassed?
Mastery of declaring yourself is
mastery of Crimson Demon combat!
But, sir, it's so embarrassing.
Well, that is an odd thing
for a Crimson Demon to say!
An odd thing indeed!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Teacher. I'm not feeling well, so is it
all right if I sit out PE again today?
Again with this? You know today's
lesson is important, right?
You can't fake being sick to get out it.
Th-The awakening!
If nothing is done, the other entity
inside me will seize control!
Megumin! No! It can't be...
Is the thing sealed within
you trying to awaken?!
So be it.
You can rest over there.
You must ensure the seal remains intact!
Understood. If you'll excuse me.
Yunyun, it appears I'm down a partner.
Would you join me?
Oh, okay! Thanks.
Um... I'm going to be chief
of the village someday...
Well, honestly, I'm not sure about that...
Then just bluff about it.
Bluff?
Stare.
Like this. And then like that!
This?
Teacher, it's raining!
Come to think of it, the source of magic
power, the moon, is at its apex today.
It seems my strength is
overflowing as a result.
You could just admit you didn't
think of a way to stop it!
The headmaster's beloved tulip
flowerbed is being washed away.
Huh, really?
Wait, no!
This is bad! Everyone, catch those tulips!
Or I could lose my job!
You really want to blurt that part out?
Teacher, my stomach hurts, so I'm
gonna head to the nurse's office.
Oh, come off it and help!
Yunyun! It's headed your way!
Damn it... Wait, I know.
The seal has been broken!
This rain was caused by a dark god!
Now he's blaming dark gods.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
What in the world just happened?
How was any of this educational?
It would've been easier
if we could use magic...
Tell me about it.
I can't wait to learn some.
Tell me about it!
This mess could've been solved with
a single, powerful explosion spell...
Never mind.
Hey, Megumin...
I know everyone laughed,
but I think whether it's a joke
would depend on who's using it.
Don't be so friendly.
You're supposed to be my rival, aren't you?
Y-You're right! We're rivals,
competing in mastery of magic!
I might've come in second place
during exams, but next time—
Sure, sure.
Do you have to sound so dismissive?!
Explosion magic... is joke magic?
No. I saw it on that day.
That light...
This is dangerous, young lady.
You'll want to back up.
You need to rest a bit longer, my other half.
This world is too peaceful for
your presence at the moment.
Rest within the primordial flame,
cloaked by the smoke of supremacy.
Explosion!
I don't care if it's a joke.
I'm going to master explosion magic,
and become a mage like that woman!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 2: "The Magic Academy's Taboo"
Big trouble, Megumin!
We don't know magic yet, but we're
already having combat practice!
I shall slay my foes with
a single physical blow!
That's allowed?!
Oh, no! A flock of gargoyles is flying in!
Has the seal on the dark god been broken?!
N-Next time, we'll target your heart with an...
Explosion!